DOC - Add ``bibtex`` to cite ``Benchopt`` (#441)
benchopt/benchopt: README.rst

     - |Build Status ResNetClassif|

Citing Benchopt
---------------

> If you use ``Benchopt`` in scientific publication, please consider citing the following paper

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use ``Benchopt`` in a scientific publication, please cite the following paper
```

.. code-block:: bibtex

   @article{benchopt,
      author = {Thomas Moreau, Mathurin Massias, Alexandre Gramfort, Pierre Ablin,

>                 Pierre-Antoine Bannier, Benjamin Charlier, Mathieu Dagréou, Tom Dupré la Tour,

Reviewer: bibtex may have difficulty splitting between first and last names in this format, you can use Moreau, Thomas and Massias, Mathurin and ... etc
